so Tron Flynn left a comment on the vlog
yesterday's vlog and I think he actually
left the comment today Jack was your
favorite ride at Disneyland mine is a
tower of terror I'll tell you plain and
simple that my friend is what you and I
have in common Tower of Terror is
definitely by far my favorite riot i
also like california screamin to roller
coaster ride or screaming in california
or something like that um the other one
I like is soaring through California is
an amazing amazing ride so not really
too much going on in my life since
yesterday's vlog except I open the door
late last night looking for Fred the
squirrel and instead found another
surprise visitor mr. opossum the camera
on bed yes all right talk no no he's
right behind he's right behind the truth
ready what tree which 1i this tree right
over here he's right behind the place
watch watch I see I see ya wha ok ready
where is it like trying so lunch is
ready G nothing dude dude nothing here
talk to your stories it's that one right
is that right why should budget then
watch keep that keep that your hands
this isn't he eating with eggs hey did
John talk to ok we found a possum oh
shut up where is it this is no he's
right thereso trying to climb up the
tree I had land and go grab the camera
for me and a big light major light here
and yeah possum right behind this tree
here what's this thing really Franco
touch it who dares me I dare you it'll
bite your hand off they'll flee dead yes
huh pretty pretty watch oh where is it
where was it what take it ready oh yeah
its present over yeah right here ok
thank you do it dude that's why I got
this bad boy
you didn't do anything guys it's
probably the tree right now because in
the tree what is that I catch the rabbit
with this market well you shouldn't
absolutely should I'm not going over to
that tree while he's pointing that thing
Landon you're our only hope you need to
show him the light in the tree you have
shoes on I don't it's a bare feet right
here jack I've never seen feet like that
I thought they were shoes I bet it
somewhere over here and we're focusing
all our attention over there no that's
the actual name oh you stupid idiot who
did that who did this Jacob did gosh
dude stay tuned like Kate for or
something give me something I didn't
scare you yes gonna crap out of me that
was Jack Jack call him stupid idiot okay
he stole the ball true no he stole the
ball he caught that thing hey cotton in
his mouth I can't get it now we lost a
battle okay we're losing everything in
that tree and I'm never going no Jake
Jake Jake I'm just looking and it sounds
like with my god hey hey hey dick let me
see what you got there Jake let me see
what you got where'd you go Oh what do
you let me get a close over here what is
this at a pellet gun I killed rad we
quiet okay now we got another comment
from Kathleen Jones who left a comment
saying what's with your arm being half
shaved and half werewolf
actually um my arm is not half shaved uh
and it's it's apparently growing in some
werewolf form that i was unaware of how
did I not know this or see this coming
how is this not brought to my attention
earlier oh wait it was by several other
youtube users all right on a serious
note Abby suco that wrote my favorite
comment one of my favorite of all time I
love this Jack my dad lives in Montana
and I live in Oregon although we are far
apart whenever we talk in the phone we
always start cracking up about your
videos thanks to you I can hear his
laugh a lot more often thank you so much
for giving us something to laugh about
and for putting a smile on her face is I
hope God will bless you in many ways
love your number one fan Abby Abby thank
you so much special shout-out to you
this I was actually inspired by I love
that story um you know whoever thought
farting in public could bring families
closer together alright guys see you
tomorrow and I can't wait